In the maintaining a secure critical infrastructure lesson,
you evaluated specific security techniques used to
administer a system that meets industry standards and core controls.
By now, you should be able to explain
cybersecurity governance concepts and apply methods to enforce it throughout a company.
Identify common security regulations and frameworks,
and explain how current cybersecurity laws, regulations,
and standards apply to cybersecurity and data privacy.
Recognize components of the NIST Cybersecurity Framework.
Lastly, recognize the areas of the CIS Controls.
Now that you understand some fundamentals,
you can begin to implement them as you're developing your hacker mindset.
更多新版课程跟代码还有一对一VIP服务请加wx：udacity6